First you take the Earth, if you'd so be inclined
Put a nice, big bean in Tokyo, just like that
And another one in Sichuan, China, easy as can be
Now fly from Dubai to Hawaii, leaving contrails across the sky as you go
Fly back to Dubai but a different arc, passing the Philippines on the way
And then!
Fly north and south between Hawaii and Dubai, changing direction every twenty-five degrees
That's how you draw Korosensei!
The Korosensei Drawing Song
Drawing Song Drawing Song Now you try!
Drawing Song The Korosensei Drawing Song
The Korosensei Drawing Song The Korosensei
The Korosensei Drawing Song Yeah, right!
Drawing Song The Korosensei Drawing Song
The Korosensei Drawing Song
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
seishun satsubatsuron m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Young people's discourse on bloodthirst sei sei shun
seishun satsubatsuron
shun sa sa tsu tsu ba ba tsu tsu ron ron
Young people's discourse on bloodthirst
kuchi ni dasu no wa jikkou suru toki
We only speak of it when we're getting into action ku
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
ku m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Student No. 21 Fuwa Yuzuki
Student No. 13 Sugino Tomohito
Student No. 11 Shiota Nagisa
Student No. 6 Kataoka Megu Student No. 7 Kayano Kaede
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto da da
chi chi Student No. 21 Fuwa Yuzuki
ni ni Student No. 21 Fuwa Yuzuki
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto su su
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto no no
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto wa wa
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto ji ji
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto k k
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto ko ko
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto u u
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto su su
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto ru ru to to ki ki
sore ga kakkoii koto shitteru sa
Because we know it's cool that way so so
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
We only speak of it when we're getting into action
Student No. 4 Okano Hinata
Student No. 17 Nakamura Rio
Student No. 19 Hayami Rinka
Student No. 2 Isogai Yuuma
Student No. 23 Mimura Kouki
Student No. 3 Okajima Taiga
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke ka ka
re re Student No. 4 Okano Hinata
ga ga Student No. 4 Okano Hinata
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke k k
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke ko ko
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke i i
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke to to
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke shi shi
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke t t
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke te te
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
target sagashite bokura wa satsubatsu
We'll find our target and unleash our bloodthirst mo
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke ru ru
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke tar tar sa sa get get
Because we know it's cool that way sa sa ga ga shi shi
te te bo bo ku ku ra ra wa wa sa sa tsu tsu ba ba
omoi wa mayou mayoedo susumu
We hesitate, but we proceed nevertheless tsu tsu
We hesitate, but we proceed nevertheless o o
mo i i m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
wa wa Student No. 14 Takebayashi Koutarou
Student No. 9 Kimura Masayoshi
Student No. 10 Kurahashi Hirano
Student No. 8 Kanzaki Yukiko
Student No. 25 Yada Touka m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Student No. 14 Takebayashi Koutarou
Student No. 25 Yada Touka yo yo
ma ma Student No. 14 Takebayashi Koutarou
Student No. 25 Yada Touka u u
Student No. 25 Yada Touka ma ma
Student No. 25 Yada Touka yo yo
Student No. 25 Yada Touka e e
Student No. 25 Yada Touka do do
Student No. 25 Yada Touka su su
Student No. 25 Yada Touka mu mu
Student No. 25 Yada Touka
We hesitate, but we proceed nevertheless
migite to migiashi issho ni desou da
We can barely walk straight m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
mi mi Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
Student No. 24 Muramatsu Takuya
Student No. 16 Terasaka Ryouma
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei to to
Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
gi gi Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
te te Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei mi mi
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei gi gi
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei a a
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei shi shi
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei i i
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei s s
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei sho sho
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei ni ni
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei de de so so u u da da
Student No. 1 Akabane Karma
Student No. 5 Okuda Manami
Student No. 12 Sugaya Sousuke
Student No. 20 Hara Sumire m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Student No. 20 Hara Sumire
We can barely walk straight m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
nan nanda iraira no hadou wa
What is this wave of nervousness?
We can barely walk straight na na n n na na n n da da
i i ra ra i i ra ra no no ha ha do do
bokura no sonzai no shoumei m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Is it a proof of our existence?
u u wa wa nan nanda iraira no hadou wa
bo bo nan nanda iraira no hadou wa
ku ku ra ra no no so so n n za za i i no no sho sho u
u me me i i tsuki wo miage takamaru
It surges as we look up into the moon tsu tsu
Crescent Moon Crescent Moon ki ki Crescent Moon wo wo
Classified Information mi mi Classified Information a
a The "End" Class ge ge ta ta Reward Upon Success
Reward Upon Success Reward Upon Success
Reward Upon Success ka ka Superbeing ma ma
Ministry of Defense Ministry of Defense ru ru
Ministry of Defense
Destruction Destruction Kunugigaoka Junior High School
Kunugigaoka Junior High School Mach Mach
saa saa sassassatto start
Now, let's get this assassination started saa saa
Mach Mach Mach Mach Mach saa saa
Lessons Teacher sa sa Assassination Classroom
Assassination Classroom Assassination Classroom ssa
ssa Assassination Classroom Assassination Classroom
Assassination Classroom Assassination Classroom
ssa tto tto start start saa saa sassassatto start
Now, let's get this assassination started
yarikittenai kara yarikirenai
We can't stand still because we're not done ya ya ri
ri ki ki tte tte na na i i ka ka ra ra ya ya ri ri ki
ki re re nai nai yarikittenai kara yarikirenai
We can't stand still because we're not done ya ya ri
ri ki ki tte tte na na i i ka ka ra ra ya ya ri ri ki
ki re re nai nai m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
genjoudaha wo chiisana koe de
We start off whispering about overthrowing the status quo
ge ge n n jo jo u u da da ha ha wo wo chi chi i i sa
sa na na ko ko e e m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
yagate zekkyou shitaku naru aa de de
But soon enough we'll feel like crying out, "Argh!"
ya ya genjoudaha wo chiisana koe de
ga ga te te ze ze k k kyou kyou shi shi ta ta ku ku na
na ru ru aa aa m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
We can't stand still because we're not done ya ya ri
yarikittenai kara yarikirenai ya ya ri ri ki ki tte
tte na na i i ka ka ra ra ya ya ri ri ki ki
yareba dekiru sa We can do it if we try re re nai nai
yarikittenai kara yarikirenai
ri ki ki tte tte na na i i ka ka yareba dekiru sa
We can do it if we try yareba dekiru sa
We can do it if we try ra ra yareba dekiru sa
We can do it if we try ya ya ri ri ki ki re re
kitto dekiru sa Yes, we can nai nai kitto dekiru sa
Yes, we can kitto dekiru sa Yes, we can
kitto dekiru sa Yes, we can kitto dekiru sa
Yes, we can douse to iu no wa kantan dakedo
It's easy to say it's all futile and give up dou dou
se se to to iu iu no no wa wa kitto dekiru sa
Yes, we can ka ka kitto dekiru sa Yes, we can
Yes, we can n n ta ta n n da da ke ke do do
ima wa agaite mitain da But for now we want to fight it
i i Special Anti-teacher Bullets ma ma
Special Anti-teacher Bullets wa wa a a ga ga
Class Change i i te te mi mi ta ta Slithery Snicker i
i Slithery Snicker n n da da kimi to hajikete mitain da
We want to have a blast with you ki ki Ten Billion Yen
mi mi to to ha ha ji ji ke ke te te
Isolated School Building Isolated School Building mi
mi ta ta i i n n da da saredo seishun wa mirai e go
And we will still reach the future sa sa re re do do
sei sei shun shun wa wa mi mi rai rai e e go go
saredo seishun wa mirai e go
And we will still reach the future
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
saa saa saa m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Let's go saa saa saa saa saa saa saa saa saa Let's go
saa saa saa Let's go
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
seishun satsubatsuron m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Young people's discourse on bloodthirst sei sei shun
shun sa sa tsu tsu ba ba tsu tsu ron ron
seishun satsubatsuron
Young people's discourse on bloodthirst
Episode School Trip Time 2nd Period
Your target this time is a teacher currently leading students on a school trip.
You may have heard that this teacher is not human.
It's not that I doubt your skill...
but please make all necessary preparations.
The name's Red Eye. I'm an assassin. A sniper.
Wow! You can really take in the scenery with no windows in the way!
School Trip, Day 2: Free Time, Group 1
With an open train like this, I won't get motion sick, and 25 km/h is plenty fast.
Says the guy who can move at Mach 20.
Almost there...
The sniper spot we've chosen...
is a famous stop along the Sagano sightseeing train line:
The Hozu River Bridge.
We'll be making a brief stop on the bridge.
Oh, look, Korosensei!
They're going downstream!
Let me see... Ooh!
Our sniper's cue...
is the moment Korosensei leans out the window to look at the boat.
I downed a target at two klicks
in the midst of a furious sandstorm in the Middle East.
Under these conditions, it'll be a lead-pipe cinch.
Well? That should've been a headshot.
He stopped it with a folded pastry?!
Whoops! Found a tiny bone in my Kyoto pastry.
That could've been ugly.
Inconceivable!
A high-spin rifle bullet,
stopped cold by a soft, uncooked sheet of dough?
That'd require ridiculous speed!
Now I understand the ten-billion-yen bounty.
We've been tasked with killing one extraordinary monster.
This'll be fun.
11:20 AM: Toei Kyoto Studio Park: Free Time, Group 2
Now, begone with you.
I care not for needless loss of life.
How dare you!
Come on, men! Get him!
Wow!
Their swords look so fast this close up.
They move very deliberately to make it appear that way.
I happen to love this kind of swordplay.
Whoa! They're coming this way!
Over here, Sensei!
Huh? Where?
The actors are leading the target around nicely.
Just as I arranged.
Now, while he's distracted by the show...
Huh?
Where'd he go?
Hey! What the hell's he doing?!
When did he get in there with the actors?
I shall assist.
Blood-cherry blossoms are the only flowers that bloom for evil.
He knows exactly what to say, too!
If he's in there with the actors...
how am I gonna hit him?!
Your target is extremely fast.
Don't let his unconventional movements throw you off.
There's unconventional, and then there's this!
Next!
I will kill him. My reputation rests on it.
2:20 PM: Five-Story Pagoda: Free Time, Group 3
You're late, Korosensei!
My apologies. I got caught up starring in a samurai drama.
Say what?
We finished Kiyomizu Temple ages ago.
Then let's trawl Nineizaka Street for souvenirs.
Like you care about anything but sweets.
Repairs in Progress Pardon Our Dust Good.
Repairs in Progress Pardon Our Dust
I can draw a steady bead on him here.
A straight shot from Yasaka's five-story pagoda!
Korosensei, try this blotting paper.
I'm a bit embarrassed for you to see what it picks up.
Come on, come on.
But if I must...
At the foot of Sanneizaka, a student will distract him with souvenirs,
and in that moment...
Yes! Right through the temple!
That's not supposed to be bullet-blotting paper!
What did I tell you? See how much mucus it picked up?
You could stop a bullet with this stuff!
Hmm?
It's from Nagisa-kun's group.
Hello?
Where are you?
What... What the hell is he?
His speed and defense is impeccable.
It's like he was built for the express purpose of being unkillable.
Hello?
Oh, Karasuma-san.
I'm afraid we're done for today.
The next group you were supposed to work with, Group 4,
has run into a spot of trouble with some high schoolers.
The target is currently rushing to their aid.
All right. Understood.
I was thinking of calling it quits, anyway.
In the eight years I've spent as an assassin,
not once have I failed to see my target's blood through my scope.
That's how I got my name: Red Eye.
It's laughable.
My eyes aren't seeing anything red, are they?
Here you go.
A chili spice mix I bought along Sanneizaka.
Oh, it's you. Thanks.
Wait, it's you!
My assassination target?!
I've taken care of the trouble my students were in,
and since you spent the day sightseeing alongside us,
I thought I'd come pay my respects.
So you saw all that coming and just played along?
With a monster like you at large,
no wonder the government's trying so hard to cover up the matter.
So, you gonna kill me?
Go on, then. Do it.
I knew the risks when I chose this line of work.
I have no regrets.
Just eat it already!
Korosensei's Weak Point #11:
His mouth can't handle the heat
Of course I'm not going to kill you.
You made this school trip most enjoyable.
I just wanted to thank you.
My students must've done some especially in-depth research into Kyoto in order to find good places to kill me.
The geography, the terrain,
its highlights, history, origins...
In short, they had more opportunities than usual to discover the city's charm.
To understand people, places, and the atmosphere...
These lessons they have learned via assassination will enrich their lives.
Here you go.
And so, I look forward to my assassination.
Your mind's just as crazy as your body, man.
But you know...
Somehow...
You're one hell of a teacher.
You're out?
Yeah, sorry. I'd like to do some sightseeing on my own.
Turns out I'm still a novice when it comes to assassination.
I'd like to go around and take in all kinds of colors, not just the one.
Now, then...
What color will paint my scope tomorrow?
Dammit! How the hell are you dodging those?
This is... a little embarrassing.
She's smiling gently while moving her hands like a pro!
Wow! I had no idea you were this good at games, Kanzaki-san!
I kept it quiet. In my family, frivolity's frowned upon.
But maybe I've been too worried about what others think.
Clothes, hobbies, status...
I ran from it, got swept up in it, and wound up lacking confidence.
But Korosensei made me realize:
you just need the person you are on the inside to face forward and do their best.
Kanzaki-san has an unexpected side to her, too.
I wonder what she and Kayano talked about while they were kidnapped.
They seem to get along so naturally now.
Ack! They got you!
That's too bad.
There!
You okay?
Almost every sniper turned down the job after seeing its difficulty,
and the only one who accepted ended up quitting prematurely.
Take that!
And Takebayashi bites the dust! Who's next?
So much for our plans to snipe him here in Kyoto.
C'mon, Karasuma-sensei! Let's play table tennis!
I can't impose on their school trip any further.
From here on out, it's their free time.
Sure.
I'm pretty good, though.
This traditional inn's a real dump, isn't it?
One big bedroom each for the boys and girls?
The students in the other classes get personal hotel rooms.
It's fine. This way's more fun.
Hey.
What are you two up to?
Shh!
Isn't it obvious? We're peeping!
Peeping?!
Hey! That's our job!
I wouldn't say it's anyone's job, per se.
Men's Bath Men's Bath Men's Bath
Can you still say that after seeing this?
Men's Bath
Clothes hung like that mean their wearer is in the bath.
You catch my drift?
Y-Yeah.
This is our chance to see what's inside Korosensei!
Does he have some kind of body, or is it tentacles all the way down?
Where's the harm? It could even help us assassinate him.
This has to be the least sexy act of peeping ever.
What is he, a girl?!
Ah, hello, students.
Why the bubble bath?
You're not supposed to add things to the water here.
This is my mucus.
It raises a nice, brisk lather and deep-cleans stubborn dirt.
Artist's Impression Artist's Impression
Artist's Impression That body of yours does it all.
But you slipped up.
We're between you and the exit.
When you get out, you'll have to pass by us.
We might not be able to kill you, but we will see you naked!
I teacherly object!
Jellied broth?!
Oh, dear. I'm starting to feel a tad cold.
He got away.
This whole peeping thing didn't really work out, Nakamura.
We sure learned a lot about one another on this school trip.
We didn't get any closer to determining Korosensei's true nature, though.
Let's go back to our room and chat.
Kanzaki (4 votes)
Great personality, super-cute looks!
Favorite Girls Ranking
Figures. Kanzaki's in first place.
Well, there's no one who dislikes her.
Kataoka (1 vote)
Dependable, straight bangs
Kayano (2 votes)
Small, cheers you up Kataoka (1 vote)
Dependable, straight bangs Kayano (2 votes)
Small, cheers you up Kurahashi (2 votes)
Calming, strikes charming poses
Kataoka (1 vote)
Small, cheers you up Favorite Girls Ranking
Key Points:
Yada (3 votes)
Ponytail, stacked where it counts!
Kanzaki (4 votes)
Great personality, super-cute looks!
Kurahashi (2 votes)
Nice job snagging her for your group, Sugino. What'd you think?
Favorite Girls Ranking Key Points:
Y'know, with all the crap that went down,
we didn't get many chances to actually talk.
Yeah, you guys had it rough.
The real question is who voted for who.
I can't pick just one!
Besides you, Okajima.
Who did you vote for, Nagisa?
Huh?
I, uh... What about you, Maehara? Which girl?
Me? My lips are sealed.
That pisses me off! Especially when I think about how popular guys like you are!
Oh, looks like you guys are having fun.
Karma!
Great timing!
Is there a girl you like?
Hmm... Okuda-san, maybe?
Wow, saying it straight, huh?
Interesting choice! But why?
I bet she could make some sketchy drugs, or some chloroform, or whatever.
I could do all kinds of things with those.
That's one matchup we can do without.
These ratings are just between us guys, okay?
Well, sure.
I mean, it's not like we want this stuff getting out.
So whatever you do, do not let the girls or the teachers find—
Evening, students.
Student Data - Boys (3)
Aha. I see.
He took notes and split!
Kill him!
Nabbing this data is exactly what my ultra-high speed is for!
Korosensei's Weak Point #12:
Loves gossip Huh? What boys we like?
Yeah! That's what girls talk about on these trips. It's fun!
Ooh, ooh! I've got one! Karasuma-sensei!
Yeah, yeah. We all like Karasuma-sensei.
I mean someone in our class.
Huh?
I guess Isogai and Maehara are pretty all right.
Really? You think so?
Sure. Unfortunately, Maehara's a bit of a player,
but Isogai's class president, so doesn't that put him in the lead?
Karma-kun would be up there too on good looks alone.
If only he were a little better behaved.
Yeah... Hmm... He's really not that scary, though.
Yeah, he's usually pretty quiet.
What, is he a wild animal now?
What about you, Kanzaki-san?
Huh? I don't really... Oh, is that so?
C'mon, spill it!
I'm sure the boys are dying to know too! Fess up!
No, seriously!
Listen up, brats.
I'm here to tell you it's almost lights out. Strictly speaking.
"Strictly speaking"?
Well, it's not like you won't stay up talking anyway.
Just keep it down, all right?
How come you get to drink? That's so unfair!
What did you expect? I'm a grown-up.
I know! Tell us some of your grown-up stories, Bitch-sensei!
Huh?
They'd be way more useful than your usual classes!
What was that?!
All right, all right...
Bitch-sensei, you're only twenty?!
With all your experience, I was sure you were older.
Yeah, and you've got that whole black widow thing going on.
Right, the sex appeal of a black widow that only living large can—
Wait, who called me a black widow?!
You're a little late on the comeback there.
Now, listen here! Women have a short shelf life.
Unlike me, you were lucky enough to be born in a country free from danger.
Be grateful, and polish your femininity with all your might.
Wow, Bitch-sensei actually said something kind of sensible.
She oughta stay in her lane.
Don't toy with me, you brats!
But, but, but...
We wanna know about the men you seduced!
Yeah, tell us!
Very well, then.
This might be a little spicy for your delicate, young palates, so watch out.
Now, when I was seventeen... Hey, you there!
You think you can just waltz into our girl talk, all casual-like?!
Aww.
What's the problem? I'm as interested in your tales of romance as the next octopus.
That's easy for you to say, Korosensei!
You never tell us anything about your private life!
Yeah! Fair's fair!
Don't you have any romantic stories of your own?
You're into boobs, right? You must've at least had a crush on someone!
He flew the coop!
Let's catch him, make him talk, and then kill him!
There he is!
Murder him!
Over here!
Rats! A pincer attack!
I guess it ended up as an assassination attempt after all.
Yeah.
Where'd you go?!
Phew. That sure was a close one.
What was all the commotion?
The students almost got me to spill the beans about my love life.
Your love life?
My past is positively packed with tales of romance.
Why, I couldn't hope to count them on all my hands and feet.
Was this back when you had two hands and two feet?
Well, I won't go there.
You probably won't talk about it, anyway.
You're a wise man, Karasuma-sensei.
Even while traveling, it is most uncouth to ask after the number of one's appendages.
That was one fun school trip,
what with getting to see different sides of everyone and all.
Uh-huh.
What's wrong?
I was just thinking...
It feels like our school trip is almost over, right?
But our way of life has only just begun,
and we don't know if the world will end next year or what.
Yeah.
But either way, this class will be over next March.
Yeah, it will.
Whether it's learning more about everyone, or killing Korosensei...
I want to make sure I don't leave anything undone.
For now, I'd just like one more school trip, you know?
School Trip Guidebook
Kunugigaoka Junior High School, Class 3-E Yeah.
Kunugigaoka Junior High School, Class 3-E
And so the curtain fell on one exciting school trip.
Tomorrow, we return to our lives at school...
in our assassination classroom.
The sun shines The sun shines ta i yo u ga sa su ta i
yo u ga sa su ta ta ta i ta i i yo i yo yo u yo u u ga
u ga ga sa ga sa sa su sa su su su
On the back of my closed eyelids to za shi ta ma bu ta
no u ra ga wa ni to za shi ta ma bu ta no u ra ga wa
ni to to to za to za za shi za shi shi ta shi ta ta ma
ta ma ma bu ma bu bu ta bu ta ta no ta no no u no u u
ra u ra ra ga ra ga ga wa ga wa wa ni wa ni ni ni
I see red afterimages I see red afterimages a ka i zan
zo u a ka i zan zo u a a a ka a ka ka i ka i i zan i
zan zan zo zan zo zo u zo u u u
With a notebook and a pen in my leather bag ka ka wa
no ka ban ni no o to to pen wo ka ka wa no ka ban ni
no o to to pen wo ka wa ka wa wa no wa no no ka no ka
ka ban ka ban ban ni ban ni ni no ni no no o no o o to
o to to to to to to pen to pen pen wo pen wo wo wo
I go for a walk I go for a walk sa a a ru ki da so u
sa a a ru ki da so u sa sa sa a sa a a a a a a ru a ru
ru ki ru ki ki da ki da da so da so so u so u u u
I keep drawing, but I can't get it to look pretty ka i
te mo ka i te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka i te mo ka i
te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka ka ka i ka i i te i te
te mo te mo mo ka mo ka ka i ka i i te i te te mo te
mo mo ki mo ki ki re ki re re i re i i ni i ni ni na
ni na na ra na ra ra na ra na na i na i
My choice of colors is not to blame i e ra n da e no
gu ni tsu mi wa na i i e ra n da e no gu ni tsu mi wa
na i e e e ra e ra ra n ra n n da n da da e da e e no
e no no gu no gu gu ni gu ni ni tsu ni tsu tsu mi tsu
mi mi wa mi wa wa na wa na na i na i i i
I still remember the shooting star I saw last night ki
no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi ma da o bo e
te i ru ki no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi
ma da o bo e te i ru ki ki ki no ki no no u no u u no
u no no yo no yo yo na yo na na ka na ka ka ni ka ni
ni mi ni mi mi ta mi ta ta na ta na na ga na ga ga re
ga re re bo re bo bo shi bo shi shi ma shi ma ma da ma
da da o da o o bo o bo bo e bo e e te e te te i te i i
ru i ru ru I I was wait ing for... ru I I was wait ing
for... I was I was was wait was wait wait ing wait ing
ing for... ing for... for... for...
He llo, shoot ing star He llo, shoot ing star He He He
llo, He llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing
ing star ing star star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga
in star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga in He llo, He
llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing ing
star, ing star, star, a star, a a ga a ga ga in ga in
in in I was waiting I was waiting ma tte i ta yo ma
tte i ta yo ma ma ma tte ma tte tte i tte i i ta i ta
ta yo ta yo The girl of many dreams
The girl of many dreams yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko
wa zu tto yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko wa zu tto yu me
yu me me wo me wo wo mi wo mi mi ru mi ru ru a ru a a
no a no no ko no ko ko wa ko wa wa zu wa zu zu tto zu
tto tto tto
Is always here Is always here ko ko ni i ru no ko ko
ni i ru no ko ko ko ko ko ko ko ni ko ni ni i ni i i
ru i ru ru no ru no no no
Just like you did that day Just like you did that day
a no hi no ma ma a no hi no ma ma a a a no a no no hi
no hi hi no hi no no ma no ma ma ma ma ma ma ma
Shine again Shine again ma ma ta hi ka tte ma ma ta hi
ka tte ma ta ma ta ta hi ta hi hi ka hi ka ka tte ka
tte tte tte
No luck assassinating him on that school trip either, eh?
Are you sure about this, Karasuma-kun?
It is all due to my own shortcomings. I shall redouble my efforts.
May is almost over. The deadline draws ever closer.
If worst comes to worst, we should just level the whole school with a missile—
No. The risk is too great.
In any case, he could escape such a blast in the blink of an eye.
Remember when we fired at him over the Pacific?
He put all the fragments back together and delivered them to us personally.
It turned out great!
Then... is there really no way?
Not to worry.
Several allied nations have pooled their technology for research purposes.
We'll make use of the fruit of their labor.
The Japanese Ministry of Defense has recently authorized...
two very special assassins to join his class.
They both possess superhuman abilities granted to them by science.
One of them will need some time to work out the kinks,
but the other has been fully set up while you were away.
There's a real surprise waiting for you back at school,
Mr. Karasuma.
Ne xt Ep iso de
If you see in person the historic sites and Buddhist statues featured in textbooks,
you'll notice the real thing has a different feel from the photos.
I can understand wanting to take pictures, but you shouldn't do it if it says no photography allowed, Mimura-kun!
Mind your manners as you enjoy the display.
Next time on Assassination Classroom: Transfer Student Time.
Episode Transfer Student Time